Agenda:
- Cover course expectations
- Schedule for the quarter
- Suggestions for questions for the client


Minutes:
-    Must come into meeting with agenda and take minutes of the meeting
-    Be respectful with client in meeting
-    The client’s word is final but give suggestions for product based on our own skills as well as what would be best for the product
-    Do not miss many meetings and if you have to then make sure colleagues know
-    Meet once or twice a week as a team (outside of client and professor meetings)
o    Show off code that has been worked on
o    Decide what we want to do for each problem
o    Must have minutes taken
-    Meet with client weekly (Be respectful of their time though)
-    Use each team member’s strength when working on product
-    Don’t blame people for problems, just fix them
-    Be honest with team members and solve problems together
-    Be open-minded
-    We are going to be graded individually on our presentations
-    Peer review at end of project

Talked about how other groups have already met with their clients. 
Talked about convincing the client of using a web application rather than a mobile application 
Make sure to use logical arguments clients will be open minded. 
Make sure every meeting has an agenda and someone taking minutes. Agenda should be submitted midnight the day before the meeting. 
Create a GitHub repository to track changed throughout the project from day 1. 
Meetings with group should be twice a week. Don’t have be in person but should be professional. 
Client meeting should try to be once a week. 
Can record meetings with clients. Minutes and recording are different. Minutes are a short summary 
Talked about solving problem rather than blaming others. 
Make compromises and be open minded. 
Problem solving. Reason with group members. 
What does the user do? What can they do? Are there admins for the applications? What platform? 
What data is stored? What kind of encryption should be used? 
Ask client nonfunctional questions also. 
5 assignments 3 written 2 presentations 
1st assignment is SRS which is individuals. Design is part of the SRS. 
2nd assignment a lot of documentation. Group documentation of code, user documentation. 
3rd assignment group evaluations. 
2 presentations one at midterm one at final 45-minute presentation.  Everyone will have 10 minutes to present their individuals area. 
Final presentation will have a video.  In the final there should be a demo. 
In presentation individuals can have different grade based on performance. 
Meeting should be similar to a scrum meeting where everyone talks about where they are at and if they need help and what they planned to do for the next week. 
